Gather around one by one
Move like one
Everybody put your hands up
Stray Kids sing it loud loud loud
We know each other so well
We fly on stage together, like this
We see each other more than we see family
Never get bored even if we see each other daily
A Busan boy, shy about his local accent
Everyone smiles like a father when he shows up (aww, cute)
To his unique voice we listen carefully
We fall in love with the way his eyes fold when he smiles
He’s the youngest
But practically ranking #1 in the team
Shout out baby bread (I.N)
The best (I.N)
(Woof woof) Puppy lookalike
Cute like a dog like Labrador
With his mellow voice, again, polite
But sometimes random, making us tilt our heads (Me?)
Good manners are a given, politeness and sincerity
Oh no, sometimes he makes mistakes, he’s human too
Dandy voice (Seungmin)
Dandy boy (Seungmin)
Everyday Every night, you can always see the stars
Freckles like constellations
BbokAri’s “I tried living the life”
Thanks to it, life’s gotten brighter (What?)
The reason why my days are warmed is
Stray Kids’ Happiness
Sunshine (Felix)
Yongbok (Felix)
Like a quokka
Full of talent
When he raps, he’s full of swag
When he sings, it’s so lyrical
With his fancy talking skills, he’s the mood maker
But just one thing, please don’t forget your things
Quokka (HAN)
All-rounder (HAN)
Gather around one by one
Move like one
Everybody put your hands up
Stray Kids sing it loud loud loud
We know each other so well
We fly on stage together, like this
We see each other more than we see family
Never get bored even if we see each other daily
A weasel with charming lips (weasel)
Shall I just bite him, so cute (cute)
With golden hands that shine brighter than gold
Everyone gets shocked by his unexpected charm (Why?)
Every single move of his dance is sexy
Watching the world, he paints it gorgeously, he’s an
Artist (Hyunjin)
Genius (Hyunjin)
When he does legs, you can hear (“Yeoh~“)
When he does upper body, you can hear (“Yeoh~“)
Even if you turn on noise cancelling
A really loud voice will make you smile
Who is that? The answer to the question is obvious
He rocks the stage, shall we shout out his name?
Dwaekki (Changbin)
Jutdae (Changbin)
Leonardo da Vinci must have carved his nose, so sharp, it even cuts air
Move like jagger yeah when you see him dance, hhhhhhh
Makes me automatically shout, this is blinding, man
Like hhh what are you talking about, what’s that hhh
Sometimes he’s a weirdo
Weird (Lee Know)
Handsome (Lee Know)
A sense of responsibility is his second nature
No wonder he’s the leader
He can jump as high as a kangaroo
His morning face is a mess (mess)
His shoulders are broad like the Pacific Ocean (wow)
His abs are (oh my) washboards
Leader (Bang Chan)
Kangaroo (Bang Chan)
Gather around one by one
Move like one
Everybody put your hands up
Stray Kids sing it loud loud loud
We know each other so well
We fly on stage together, like this
We see each other more than we see family
Never get bored even if we see each other daily